opt-out details (#111)
Certora/Documentation: docs/cvl/cvl2/changes.md

The changes will take effect starting v4.3.1 of `certora-cli`.
```

```{note}
To opt-out of the new CLI, one can set an environment variable `CERTORA_OLD_API` to `1`, e.g.:
`export CERTORA_OLD_API=1`.

> **The old CLI will not be available starting the future version released after August 31st, 2023**

Reviewer: ```suggestion
**The old CLI will not be available in versions released after August 31st, 2023**
```
